Update template (#31)
zixuan75/react-project: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Do you think you could fix a issue?
## Why?
<!-- A clear and concise description about why you could fix a issue. -->
## How?
<!-- GO fill in the missing parts. -->
1. Go to '...'
2. Look at '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. Fix '...'
5. Done.

> We're actually very well done on some pull requests. We're not on any of them anymore.

Reviewer: Now very good.

Author: Huh

> We're actually very well done on some damn pull requests. Now not on amy of them anymore.

Reviewer: Why did you say "damn"? Also there is a misspelling on "any".
```suggestion
 We're actually very well done on some pull requests. Now not on any of them anymore.
```

Reviewer: Hello?

Reviewer: Out of date.
